it is 6 GMT that's 8:00 a.m. in Gaza and
another night of heavy Israeli
bombardment across the strip
Palestinians are cut off from the
outside world not just physically but
Israel's blockade but now digitally too
the local telecommunications agency says
internet and phone services are down
across Gaza the latest round of air
strikes has been targeting densely
populated areas and refugee
camps and scenes of chaos have been
coming in from Al Shi hospital as the
injured and dead are brought there the
spokesperson for gaza's health Ministry
says Israel is purposefully targeting
civilians Alerus hany mahmu joins us now
from khun in southern Gaza and hany
we've seen images of intense Israeli
bombardment in Northern Gaza around Gaza
City overnight do we now now that it is
daylight have a sense of the impact on
the ground and what the targets
were
yes we always is started as of early
hours of yesterday's evening at about
6:37 uh we the entire Gaza Strip was uh
digitally taken off the grid uh leaving
2.3 million people without any contact
with uh with each other or with what's
going on uh sending waves of fears and
concerned that there's something uh
atrocious going on similar to the
blackout on the 27th of October and the
second one the early days of November
but as of last night uh uh we were able
uh due to uh cut of communication and
phone service but we were able to watch
some of the images and videos on Al
jazer Arabic channel uh just for about
half an hour and it it what what seemed
to be an intense uh a campaign of air
strikes creating a massive fire builts
around different neighborhoods and
residential blocks in the Gaza St
starting from a Sara intersection and
going all the way west to a shifa
hospital and both NE both residential
blocks on on both sides of the remal
neighborhoods the northern remal
neighborhood and the southern remal
neighborhood all the way to Gaza uh Port
clearing much of the uh many of the
high-rise buildings in that area causing
severe infrastructure uh damage now the
Israeli military as of this morning on
the radio it claimed that it carried out
these overnight intense uh air strikes
targeting uh Hamas headquarters and
offices in Gaza but what seemed to be is
more destruction and damage of
residential homes and and infrastructure
it's important to uh note to our viewers
that Gaza has still thousand of people
who could not leave they are still there
and around the vicinity of a Shiva
hospital and um hany do also remind us
um why there are still large numbers in
Gaza City uh and why they have been
unable to evacuate despite these
apparent Promises of a safe route by the
Israeli military why haven't people been
able to
escape well this entire enclav the Gaza
Strip is not safe anywhere in Gaza is a
legitimate Target for Israeli air strike
so for example take people the some
700,000 people who uh moved from the
northern part and Gaza City the central
part and the southern part of Gaza
namely city of Rafa and KH unist uh
found themselves the targets of Israeli
air multiple Israeli air strike killing
large number of them that's number one
this is a confirmation that there's no
Corner in the Gaza Strip is safe second
of all all these Israeli claims that
there is a safe Corridor for
Palestinians to evacuate from the
northern Gaza our basist and have no uh
evidence they're not evidence-based at
all and we seen throughout the past few
days examples of how people who took the
coastal Road uh uh trying to escape to
the central and the southern part of
Gaza were on the ground of the road
killed with their cars Barren along with
couple ambulance and the UN cars as well
was targeted by gun boats and air
strikes now people have this fear
massive fear that if they listen uh to
the Israeli calls and leave they would
be also a target of these air strikes so
again uh it just a matter of is it is it
guaranteed safety or
not honey mmud live for us and carun in
southern Gaza thank you for the update